We will introduce First of all from here
Pond cat participation of Sakura I Yes two thousand people committee is front whats send
Become a grip on the central area of ​​Nagoya city
It is cherry tree of Tsuruma Park About 1000 cherry trees such as Somei Yoshino are planted in the site
It has become an oasis in the city
The photograph is that it is only a part of it The shooting date is March 30
Thank you for your child's background with the feeling called Mahana and real this Nee percent
And another one
We got this from many of the members of the friend's club with paralysis
This picture was thinned in the mountainous area of ​​Sugiyama, Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka City
I sometimes miss a place where I sometimes go by car
Firewatch tower is that is also a district can be said that as it is I will It is this kind of scenery good
I Yes It is difficult, such as we have seen around the time of sister fufu is a kind of feeling something children
io 9 is also better than the tag given by Mr. Shibata
I'm interested from Kinako and Okuma Sankuma and cats
It looks like it's profitable but it 's still open so please send it and enjoy it
I would like to ask